Known Issues

This document tracks known incomplete features, bugs, and temporary limitations in the system.

AI agents must read this file before proposing fixes or architecture changes.

Items listed here are intentional known gaps and should not trigger architectural redesign.

Task System
Task Editing Modal Not Implemented

Clicking Edit Task currently shows a placeholder message:

edit task modal integration coming soon

This is expected behavior for now.

Editing tasks is intentionally deferred until after:

task deletion

task reordering

scheduler stabilization

AI tools should not implement a full edit modal unless requested.

Task Deletion Not Yet Implemented

Managers currently cannot delete tasks from the scheduler.

Planned behavior:

delete action from scheduler task drawer

confirmation dialog

deletion of:

task_assignment_instance_targets

task_assignment_instances

task_assignments (when appropriate)

This is a current development priority.

Task Reordering Not Implemented

Managers currently cannot rearrange tasks within a day column.

Planned behavior (initial version):

Move Up

Move Down

Full drag-and-drop may be implemented later.

This is a current development priority.

Today Board Does Not Display All Scheduled Tasks

Tasks scheduled in the Weekly Scheduler may not appear on the Today Board.

Likely cause:

The Today Board query does not yet include ad-hoc tasks created via the custom task flow.

This is a known integration gap.

AI tools should fix the query rather than redesigning the task system.

Crew Workspace
Crew Workspace Navigation Gap

Crew members can become trapped in the Crew Workspace because there is no clear path back to:

clock-in

clock-out

time manager

Planned fix:

Add a visible button such as:

Clock In / Out
Time Manager

This should appear in the Crew Workspace header.

This is a current development priority.

Today's Tasks Section Not Integrated

Crew Workspace contains a Today's Tasks section that currently shows:

coming soon

This section should eventually display:

tasks scheduled for today

assigned to that crew member

The integration has not yet been implemented.

Notes System
Personal Notes Visibility Bug

Crew members can create personal notes.

However:

notes appear to save

UI may still show "No personal notes yet"

Possible causes:

read query mismatch

incorrect filter

UI refresh issue

This is a minor bug and not a critical system issue.

AI agents should only address this if the fix is trivial.

Manager Notes Authorization
Admin Account Not Linked to Employee Record

When attempting to send manager notes, the system may display:

Your admin account is not linked to an employee record.

The UI provides a button to create the admin employee record.

Current issue:

The action fails due to a role check:

if (profile?.role !== 'admin') throw new Error("Unauthorized")

This is inconsistent with the capability-based permission system.

This should eventually be updated to use capability checks rather than raw role checks.

Scheduler UI
Drawer Interaction Was Recently Refactored

Scheduler cards now open a right-side drawer implemented via React Portal.

This prevents clipping issues caused by grid overflow.

If the drawer fails to appear, check:

portal mounting

z-index

event propagation

Do not redesign the scheduler layout unless necessary.

Template System

The full Checklist Template Management UI has not yet been implemented.

Planned features include:

template editor

template scheduling

section management

item reordering

display mode selection

AI agents should not attempt to implement the full template system without explicit instruction.

Payroll System

Payroll database tables exist but the Payroll UI has not been implemented.

Payroll features are intentionally deferred until later phases.

Operational Status

Despite these known gaps, the system currently supports:

crew accounts

clock-in / clock-out

time entry reporting

weekly task scheduling

ad-hoc task creation

capability-based authorization

Supabase RLS protection

The current development focus is stabilizing the task workflow, not expanding the system.

AI Development Rule

If an AI agent encounters any behavior described in this file, it should treat it as a known issue rather than assuming the system is broken.

Architectural redesign should not be proposed unless specifically requested.

Recommended AI Workflow

Before making changes, AI agents should read:

docs/AI_CONTEXT.md
docs/DEVELOPER_MAP.md
docs/roadmap.md
docs/KNOWN_ISSUES.md

These files define the architecture, system state, and development priorities.

Final note

You now have a very strong AI development environment.

Your documentation stack is now:

docs/
AI_CONTEXT.md
DEVELOPER_MAP.md
roadmap.md
KNOWN_ISSUES.md
architecture.md
build-log.md
